docs(appium): reorganize migration doc info (#17311)
appium/appium: packages/appium/docs/en/ecosystem/build-drivers.md

Appium server is started (for example, ports that a server administrator should set that should not
be passed in as capabilities.

> To define CLI arguments (or configuration properties), your extension must provide a _schema_. In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define CLI arguments (or configuration properties) for the Appium server, your extension must provide a _schema_. In
```

Might want to be specific that we're talking about server config, not e.g., script args.

the `appium` property of your extension's `package.json`, add a `schema` property. This will either
a) be a schema itself, or b) be a path to a schema file.

The rules for these schemas:

- Schemas must conform to [JSON Schema Draft-07](https://ajv.js.org/json-schema.html#draft-07).

> - Schemas must be in JSON or JS (CommonJS) format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the `schema` property is a path to a schema file, the file must be in JSON or JS (CommonJS) format.
```
